And the way we set the bar responsive we would need to use a media screen.
So I'm going to go all the way over here at the bottom and we're going to say this is going to be my
year and we're going to say screen or here or here we're going to say and I don't know we're here we're
going to send men with.
Right.
And the men with we're going to set it to nine hundred and ninety two pixels.
So in the moment the screen is going to be 992 and something should happen.
And we're here just to show you what we have.
We're going to go back over here and consider that this is what we have right so if you are fresh here
we can toggle it over here right.
You can see that it's spanning all across.
Right.
And all the time it doesn't matter how big a screen right.
This looks like this over here like this right.
So what would want to do here first and we're going to say is we would want to get rid of this button
here.
Right.
So we're going to get rid of this button.
And the way we're going to do that we're going to say we're hearing this is going to be for the.
We're going to say that this is going to be a display here this play.
I'm not going to say none here.
Right.
And once we refresh you can see that once I get past nine I need to write the button disappears.
Now there's one thing that I need to add and this is going to be linear gradient for a image right because
you can see that image is very bright.
Right.
So what we're going to do over here is going to do a little detour.
We're going to go to the header and before the you are out we're going to have a linear gradient.
And this is all going to use for background so I'm going to say R.G. be here and that's going to be
dark color.
So we're going to say we're here and this is going to be 0 0 0 0 0 0 point 4.
Again R G B R G B L here R G B.
And here again this is going to be 0 0 0 0 point 4 0 here.
And then we need to place a comma here.
Right.
So what we're saying is even though the image is there right we would want this dark overlay or you're
right.
So I just forgot to do this before so that's why we're adding right now.
So once we got rid of the button we're here now would want to work with the nav right here with the
nav I'm going to say like this.
Right.
I'm going to say display flex like this and we're going to go back.
All right.
Once we have nine 992 two you can see what happens right.
So this is going to be our display flaks.
Right.
So this is how it's going to look like.
And you can see that I can get back my links right because obviously they have disappeared because I
have no toggle button.
All right then once we have them on display for the next one we would want is flex right up here and
we're going to say wrap or here flex Arap right.
And this is going to be equal to wrap because once there's going to be actually more content we would
want it to wrap as we're going to the smaller screen on here and we're going to have a justified content
space around space around.
Right.
And again for now the links are disappearing.
We haven't added back the wings were here and we'll have enough contained container.
All right so this is going to be this guy over here and I'm bringing a screen container like this.
And then we'll have a background.
Transparent.
Hear more bottom right we want to get rid of this mortar and if we're fresh then we would want to get
rid of this guy doing this.
And for that we're going to say we're here and this is going to be a border bottom none border bottom
and we're going to stay on here and on and on.
We need to do is place a semi going on here and maybe let's create more space here and not know of none
here.
Border border none.
And then I'm glad.
As for the child going on a flex property line because this container is going to be the child of the
now here we're going to ride flex.
Going to say 0 0 0 0 right now.
Our issue right now is that we don't see it and we don't see our links.
All right.
So here you can see there we added everything right.
But there's only one thing right there is no links whatsoever.
And what we would want to do here is we would want to create a nav link so we're going to have links
here.
Remember we had them as this plane known right.
But over here we do want to have this play and we're going to say flex more here.
And also we need to write important or like this.
Right.
So we need to have a important door here right.
And now we have our legs.
And the reason for that is one important one right.
Because if you're going to be safe we're going to get rid of important.
Right.
So let's get rid of this important one order here.
All right let's save this.
And we are fresh right.
So on the smaller screen you can get a link back.
Right now everything is working fine.
Everything is nice right.
Go to the bigger screen right.
They are working on here right.
You can see or hear the display.
Right now the thing we're here is right if I'm going to go back over here to the smaller screen and
actually get rid of these links or like this when I go back over here they're gone.
All right.
Therefore we need this display flex and we need to have it is important here.
Right.
And then everything is working fine.
All right.
Then there actually doesn't matter if we get rid of them here and if we talk the button and we actually
closed the links once we're going to go back over here they're still going to be over here.
Right.
So once we have this right flex important then we would want a padding 0 and 20 pixels like this.
Then we would want a flex 1 0 0 0.
So we're going to say flex Here one.
So one is going to be four grow zero is going to be for a shrink and are is going to be for flex bases.
Right.
Let's see what we have right now I can see that you actually have a flex ground.
All right.
And now you can see the nav links is actually using the rest of the space.
You can see that it pushed over here.
Now of container because now a container had to flex ground zero.
So it wasn't growing.
It was just auto value right.
And now this one is taking up all the space right now once we have this then what we would want is actually
have it a justified content.
Right flex start and now we're actually dealing it as flex container.
Right now we already dealt as a flex child right now.
Now we're dealing it because this is a container also for the links and or here we're going to have
again our flex wrap and wrap and so they always going to be wrapping once we go to the smaller screen
and over here once we have this right once we have the legs.
Now we're going to work with nav links here a lot.
What we're going to do right here is going to be flex and this is going to be guro zero Aro again grow
with one might grow as much as you have to shrink.
Right.
Don't shrink and the flex basis Ahto so I'll say this again refresh and I can see what we have right.
So this is going to be this little paddock that we added Right now our links have actually grown or
growing.
That's right.
So once we have this now we would want to work with these links and we would want because remember for
these links we had already properties right.
But since this is going to be different screen now we would want a little bit different properties.
So we're going to say we're here now have links links here and we're going to see a link.
And then this is going to be a background transparent like this will have a text line and we're going
to say Center where we like this border radius where we're going to have a five pixels right.
And this is going to be only seen once we're hovering.
And we're going to change the padding and padding.
We're going to change it 20 pixels top bottom left and right only 10 right now.
What are we going to do.
I'm going to send nav links right here like this right a hover and what I don't want is I don't want
the same effect that I have for a smaller screen.
Right.
So I'm going to say or hit a padding left and I'm going to say only 10 pixels Oh this that's right.
So what's happening here right.
So once we refresh you can see the padding is not changing.
My background is changing right.
And you can see or hear this little board or hit right or radius.
However they're not moving anymore right.
Because if you remember over here we had it when we were moving them.
All right.
When we had the live links we had a padding left 30 which was 10 pixels more and that's where they were
moving on a small screen here.
Since we had a padding set to turn now basically saying you know what padding left should also be the
same.
Right.
So and as a result they're not moving.
And once we have with this now what we would want to do is actually get the icons back right because
remember we had initially Heiko but they are not appearing anywhere so far right.
So what are we going to say or here is going to say a now have icons icons or icons or here we're going
to say this play and we'll say flex.
All right let's say it again and let's see over here you see these guys over here.
So these are going to be Iraq guns.
So now we've got a Icahn's back and now we set in as a flex box container parent element right display
flex.
However remember it does not have icons is actually a child.
And because it is a child we can have a flex in 1 0 and auto.
All right.
Again remember that this is still a child the same as nav links as a child and the same as now containers
a all right.
We have three of them.
So what's going to happen and we're going to be fresh and you can see what's happening right.
Not only these ones have moved.
These are growing as much as they need.
Also novel links are here.
That's right.
So what we're going to have is one zero.
And then over here let's do for a flex container parent right because we have it displayed as a flex.
We're going to say flex wrap and we're going to say wrap over here then we're going to have a line self
We're going to say Center you know and this right because we would want them to be lined up.
So we have an order here right.
So now we're here like this.
That's fine.
And then after that we would want a justified content space from home.
So we're going to register for a content space around here like this.
Then let's move to a Nav. icons.
So now icons are.
So here what we're going to say is this is going to be a have icons list item.
And what should happen.
So I'm going to say Flack's here grow one shrink zero and 40 pixels or here.
Right.
And then I'm going to say again text a line and we're going to say Center or here like this.
Once we have this now what I would want to do is I'm going to get rid of these annoying bullet points.
Right.
So we can go back over here and I'm going to say a list style type.
And I'm going to say none.
And then we're going to add some padding and the padding is going to be 0 and 20 pixels.
That's right.
Now once we have this now will start working with actual links that's all refresh right.
I can see we have justified content space around.
Right.
So we need to actually start working with or here with these legs.
So what are going to say or hear.
This is going to be the have ikons icons and we're going to say and this is going to be font size 30
pixels or hair color and the color is going to be hash tag and this is going to be F C and then we're
going to have B have d b f d or you get this right.
And then after that we would want a transition as we're hovering right but let's just check it over
here we need 8 right.
So now we have it.
So let's refresh and then let's see what happens right.
So now I can see that we have these links on here.
Now what we would want is actually have the hover effect you can see the door here when we should do
is we get these links or here also a line center.
So we're going to find where these are links here.
And with the lengths what you need to do is align self center or here like this.
Once we have this you can see that all of them are lined up perfectly right.
And the reason for that obviously the image is the bigger one.
And then these guys need to follow it.
All right.
So that's the reason for that.
And now once we have this now do the hover effect.
Right.
So let's do here and this is going to be Nav. icons.
And this is going to be a hover and for that cover we're going to have a color hash tag and 5:23 five.
All right.
However let's do a transition or here right.
So I'm going to say a transition and for transition we're going to say color and it's on the same property
over here.
Now let's say two seconds ease.
And just to show you what it does right.
We can add a little bit of delay.
Right.
What 7 this is going to be zero point.
Let's say one second delay.
So would say this.
And once or refresh or here you can see that it's not going to start right away after one second is
actually going to have a hover effect.
And the last thing that we would want with the number is add a few things right first which you can
see or hear right.
It is a transparent background.
However as I start hovering right you can see that I'm going to have here this dark background.
And also I would need to add the smooth scrolling.
And so as I press the button you can see that we have a smooth scrolling.
So that's what we're going to add in the next video.